Speaker A: You're one of the greatest teachers of machine learning AI ever, from CS 231 N to today. What advice would you give to beginners interested in getting into machine learning?Speaker B: Beginners are often focused on what to do and I think the focus should be more like how much you do. So I am kind of like believer on a high level in this 10,000 hours kind of concept where you just kind of have to just pick the things where you can spend time and you care about and you're interested in. You literally have to put in 10,000 hours of work. It doesn't even like matter as much like where you put it. And you'll iterate and you'll improve and you'll waste some time. I don't know if there's a better way you need to put in 10,000 hours, but I think it's actually really nice because I feel like there's some sense of determinism about being an expert at a thing. If you spend 10,000 hours, you can literally pick an arbitrary thing. And I think if you spend 10,000 hours of deliberate effort and work, you actually will become an expert at it. And so I think it's kind of like a nice thought. And so basically I would focus more on like are you spending 10,000 hours? That's what I focus on.Speaker A: So, and then thinking about what kind of mechanisms maximize your likelihood of getting to 10,000 hours.Speaker B: Exactly.Speaker A: Which for us silly humans means probably forming a daily habit of like every single day actually doing the thing, whatever helps you.Speaker B: So I do think to a large extent it's a psychological problem for yourself. One other thing that I hope that I think is helpful for the psychology of it is many times people compare themselves to others in the area I think is very harmful. Only compare yourself to you from some time ago, like say a year ago. Are you better than you? A year ago is the only way to think. And I think then you can see your progress and it's very motivating.Speaker A: That's so interesting that focus on the quantity of hours because I think a lot of people in the beginner stage, but actually throughout get paralyzed by the choice. Like which one do I pick? This path or this path? Like they'll literally get paralyzed by which ide to use.Speaker B: Well, they're worried. Yeah, they'll worried about all these things. But the thing is some of the you will waste time doing something wrong. You will eventually figure out it's not right. You will accumulate scar tissue and next time you'll grow stronger, because next time you'll have the scar tissue, and next time, you'll learn from it. And now next time you come to a similar situation, you'll be like, oh, I messed up. I've spent a lot of time working on things that never materialize into anything, and I have all that scar tissue, and I have some intuitions about what was useful, what wasn't useful, how things turned out. So all those mistakes were not dead work. So I just think they should just focus on working. What have you done? What have you done last week?Speaker A: That's a good question, actually, to ask for a lot of things, not just machine learning. Um, it's a good way to cut the. I forgot what the term we use, but the fluff, the blubber, whatever, the. The inefficiencies in life. What do you love about teaching? You seem to find yourself often in the, like, drawn to teaching. You're very good at it, but you're also drawn to it.Speaker B: I mean, I don't think I love teaching. I love happy humans and happy humans. Like, when I teach, I wouldn't say I hate teaching. I tolerate teaching. But it's not like the act of teaching that I like. It's. It's that I have something. I'm actually okay at it. I'm okay at teaching, and people appreciate it a lot, and so I'm just happy to try to be helpful. And teaching itself is not, like, the most. I mean, it's really. It can be really annoying, frustrating. I was working on a bunch of lectures just now. I was reminded back to my days of 331 and just how much work it is to create some of these materials and make them good. The amount of iteration and thought, and you go down blind alleys and just how much you change it. So creating something good in terms of educational value is really hard, and it's not fun.Speaker A: It's difficult. So people should definitely go watch your new stuff you put out. There are lectures where you're actually building the thing from. Like you said, the code is truth. So discussing backpropagation by building it, by looking through and just the whole thing. So how difficult is that to prepare for? I think that's a really powerful way to teach. Did you have to prepare for that, or are you just live thinking through it?Speaker B: I will typically do, like, say, three takes, and then I take, like, the better take. So I do multiple takes, and then I take some of the better takes, and then I just build out a lecture that way. Sometimes I have to delete 30 minutes of content because it just went down an alley that I didn't like too much. So there's a bunch of iteration, and it probably takes me somewhere around 10 hours to create 1 hour of content.Speaker A: To get 1 hour. It's interesting. I mean, is it difficult to go back to the basics? Do you draw a lot of wisdom from going back to the basics?Speaker B: Yeah, going back to backpropagation, loss functions, where they come from. And one thing I like about teaching a lot, honestly, is it definitely strengthens your understanding. So it's not a purely altruistic activity. It's a way to learn. If you have to explain something to someone, you realize you have gaps in knowledge. And so I even surprised myself in those lectures, like, oh, so the result will obviously look at this, and then the result doesn't look like it. And I'm like, okay, I thought I understood this.Speaker A: Yeah, well, that's why it's really cool to literally code. You run it in a notebook and it gives you a result, and you're like, oh, wow.Speaker B: Yes.Speaker A: And like, actual numbers, actual input act zero. Actual code.Speaker B: Yeah. It's not mathematical symbols, etc. The source of truth is the code. It's not slides. It's just like, let's build it.Speaker A: It's beautiful. You're a rare human in that sense.